Feature/optinal max cap (#237)
rl-institut/mvs_eland: CHANGELOG.md

- Readthedocs documentation for installation (#162)
- Plotting an networkx graph can now be turned of/on via "plot_nx_graph" in simulation_settings (#172)
- Plot all timeseries used as input data (#171)

> - Integrate new parameter maximumCap as nominal value for powerplants (#124)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Integrate new parameter maximumCap as nominal value for energyProduction assets, ie. PV or wind plants (#124)
```
